DOCS-10387 (#28329)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/dynamic_instrumentation/_index.md

  text: "Use Datadog Dynamic Instrumentation to add application logs without redeploying"
---

{{% site-region region="gov" %}}
<div class="alert alert-warning">

>   Dynamic Instrumentation is not supported on US1-FED, as it requires <a href="/agent/remote_config/">Remote Configuration</a> to be enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Dynamic Instrumentation is not supported for your selected <a href="/getting_started/site">Datadog site</a> ({{< region-param key="dd_site_name" >}}) as it requires <a href="/agent/remote_config/">Remote Configuration</a> to be enabled.
```

I saw someone use this format the other day which might be better than using the literal `US1-FED`. Just a suggestion though!

>  Dynamic Instrumentation is not supported for your selected <a href="/getting_started/site">Datadog site</a> ({{< region-param key="dd_site_name" >}}) as it requires <a href="/agent/remote_config/">Remote Configuration</a> to be enabled.

Author: ```suggestion
 Dynamic Instrumentation is not supported for your selected <a href="/getting_started/site">Datadog site</a> ({{< region-param key="dd_site_name" >}}), as it requires <a href="/agent/remote_config/">Remote Configuration</a> to be enabled.
```
